1.what is bind()?

The simplest use of bind is to make a function that, no matter how it is called, is called with particular 'this'

In call(), and apply() we bind 'this' and executes function at a time, while
In bind() we bind 'this' now and execute it later

2.what is yield?
The yield keyword use to pause and resume the generator functions. (function* this is generator function)

3. what is generator and write work of yield and next function?
Generator function in javascript is used to generate values. It returns a generator object.
 These functions are written with function* syntax. 

The yield keyword is used within the generator is used to pause and resume the execution of code

The next() method of Generator instances returns an object with two properties done and value .

4. what is Array.map?
.array.length print length and whenever you can increase value of an array it will set automatically.

.index is sequential and Array  is sequential data types 

// Map creates a new array with the results of calling a function for every array element.
//The map methods call the provided function once for each element in array.
// Map function does not execute the function for array element without values.

5. what is map and weak map?

-A weakMap accept only objects as keys  
-Map accept primitive data types as keys like string and numbers.
-There is no size property exist in weak map


6. Array and Map Difference ?
An array is the collection of items stored at contiguous memory locations.
The idea is to store multiple items of the same types together.
array has automatically index
example----> let arr=[1,2,3,4,5,6]

A map is An associative container that stores element in the maped fashion or manner.
Used to store records of user
In map we create index and key.  
let map={
    uname:"Azhar",
    mobile:"987698"
}


7. what is callback,callback hell and how to avoid callback hell?

callback function-> call in a asynchronous way,  asynchronous equivalent of a function
-helps in non blocking code  
-helps in performance of single thread nodejs application.

callback hell->Callback hell is a phenomenon where a Callback is called inside another Callback.
 It is the nesting of multiple Callbacks inside a function.

 how to avoid callback hell--->by  1.aync await and promise 2. break in a modules